there's two separate flights to Tulsa
because everybody couldn't get on one
place so this our flight is on time and
the other girls have been delayed in
Colorado firs of quite some time for a
couple hours so so white seen these gals
get there at about eight-thirty this
evening and the other girls get there
about eleven at night the Oklahoma it is
very hot Stevie beanie I can't really
see what I'm recording because it's nice
and bright but the storm our focus then
gave you the deuces Laurens ready to go
with a smile until four they're serious
they're checking all the storm bag
they're searching even buy a necklace we
are now in the BOK center home of the
Tulsa Shock a new expansion team in the
WNBA the famous coach nolan richardson's
storm fans you're not going to believe
who the first person on the cordage here
two-time MVP she's nominated for SP he
worked hard at her game and this ladies
and gentlemen is why Lauren Jackson is
one of the best
Oh
it's a wolf at the box I don't know but
it is the sofa soft we prefer Doppler
thank you a storm better be ready
their third loss they are down by ten
forty this doesn't happen too often
Tulsa Shock 53 coins seattle storm 46
coming back everything's gonna change
reading yellow what did how are you
reading frontal campaign storm have
arrived in laf waiting for the bus
thank you recipes from Togo okay that's
not funny
the red team
the odds would be the caca de hunter
and her mate
Bing here are your Seattle stores
and I have good news all doors and Sue
Bird is on the floor ready to go you're
all the sports fans they love it they
love it they're not cheering because
this brush my hair picture because sue
bird is helpful
you're scary big party
down here
nor is
sometimes even allstar MVP player good
thanks this is 50 a rubber ball security
this is why we now why do you carry a
purple and green rubber ball so on the
plane I can sit on it my back oh so it
relaxes the muscles we went back into my
pot so it's worth the wait now let's go
back to Seattle it is hard work being a
superstar the one you're the Seattle
Storm players I noticed everywhere in
Seattle this is a all-star volleyball
team of just one state and everyone's
very excited